# andamanfortholidays
Fort holidays hospitality tours &amp; travels a tourism hospitality venture by a k t group &amp; co. A public service enterprise founded with an aim to strengthen and boost the adventurous zest of Andaman Islands. Working together hand in hand day in and day out we work for harnessing the real hospitality &amp; essence of tourism in the islands and also the global world. Our foremost tourism venture fort holidays hospitality deals with all about tourism and hospitality from query taking till the completion of the entire travel of yours. With us you won't go wrong, as we believe ourselves as your travel companion and you can rely on us...because it’s our motto and ideology to believe you as esteemed guests and not merely as customers. Services offered are m i c e, tour packages, tour agents, exotic holiday destination management, air / rail / bus / cruise / ship tickets, concierge reservations assistance, tourist information center, Andaman &amp; nicobar islands tourism, holiday weekend getaways, exotic destinations, event management, event planning, meetings, conferences, dj nights, parties, hotel / resort reservation, honeymoon planners, beach wedding planners, beach side candle light dinner, wedding events organizing, indoor &amp; outdoor catering, birthday parties, event catering, hotel management, recruitment, staff selection for hotels &amp; travels, travel consultancy, package designing, travel &amp; tour, travel &amp; tour software, travel placements, travel industry training. We also have a 24 x 7 online and offline travel portal for our customers round the globe to ensure felicitation of all of our travel services in and around of it. Some of the other services offered by us would include inbound and outbound freight &amp; cargo services, inland and overseas travel and road lines transport services, packers and movers. It will be our pleasure to serve your esteemed self. Thank you for your patronage!       We welcome you abode...sit back relax &amp; enjoy the fort experience!
